README.md, before:

# Brain-games
This repository of the first JavaScript mini-game project "Brain Games"
## 
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/a99a88d28ad37a79dbf6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/codeclimate/codeclimate/maintainability) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Sadneur/frontend-project-lvl1.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Sadneur/frontend-project-lvl1)
## Setup
``
$ make publish
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/X1hWQBHblBoRjn2JsHS6yTO4a.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/X1hWQBHblBoRjn2JsHS6yTO4a)

## Run brain-even game
``
$ brain-even
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/0Mjbxj60QxeHjuzBNhnRLM9YI.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/0Mjbxj60QxeHjuzBNhnRLM9YI)

## Run brain-calc game
``
$ brain-calc
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/JVVqvMaG1mcYYyDlWh5qft3e4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/JVVqvMaG1mcYYyDlWh5qft3e4)

## Run brain-gcd game
``
$ brain-gcd
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Er2XrG99uAnfcqlVowNAt0TN9.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Er2XrG99uAnfcqlVowNAt0TN9)

## Run brain-progression game
``
$ brain-progression
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/RP7wGAXGT62ZSYFc6us17s3l4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/RP7wGAXGT62ZSYFc6us17s3l4)

Commit message:

upd game to ver. 2.3 add brain-prime game

README.md, after:

# Brain-games
This repository of the first JavaScript mini-game project "Brain Games"
## 
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/a99a88d28ad37a79dbf6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/codeclimate/codeclimate/maintainability) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Sadneur/frontend-project-lvl1.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Sadneur/frontend-project-lvl1)
## Setup
``
$ make publish
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/A4ppiwzxJFzYBVg3qqm0myHbN.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/A4ppiwzxJFzYBVg3qqm0myHbN)

## Brain-even game
##### Rules: answer "yes" if the number is even, otherwise answer "no".
------------
``
$ brain-even
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/0Mjbxj60QxeHjuzBNhnRLM9YI.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/0Mjbxj60QxeHjuzBNhnRLM9YI)

## Brain-calc game
##### Rules: write the result of an expression
------------
``
$ brain-calc
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/JVVqvMaG1mcYYyDlWh5qft3e4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/JVVqvMaG1mcYYyDlWh5qft3e4)

## Brain-gcd game
##### Rules: find the greatest common divisor of given numbers.
------------
``
$ brain-gcd
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Er2XrG99uAnfcqlVowNAt0TN9.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Er2XrG99uAnfcqlVowNAt0TN9)

## Brain-progression game
##### Rules: find the number missing in progression
------------
``
$ brain-progression
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/RP7wGAXGT62ZSYFc6us17s3l4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/RP7wGAXGT62ZSYFc6us17s3l4)

## Brain-prime game
##### Rules: answer "yes" if given number is prime. Otherwise answer "no".
------------
``
$ brain-prime
``

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/ejbTdwKRv4uf7c6jvjGxcnZmw.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/ejbTdwKRv4uf7c6jvjGxcnZmw)
